DOC: Add docs for using read_file on a ZIP file (#1181)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/io.rst

    url = "http://d2ad6b4ur7yvpq.cloudfront.net/naturalearth-3.3.0/ne_110m_land.geojson"
    df = geopandas.read_file(url)

> You can also load ZIP files that contains ESRI shapefiles::

Reviewer: I think it can contain anything, not just shapefiles. Am I wrong? I actually never tested it.

Reviewer 2: @martinfleis yes, any of OGR's vector formats. The shapefile case is where it's most useful, because a shapefile is always 3 or more files, but GeoJSON might be zipped to save space.

    url = "http://d2ad6b4ur7yvpq.cloudfront.net/naturalearth-3.3.0/ne_110m_land.geojson"
    df = geopandas.read_file(url)

> You can also load ZIP files that contains your files::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also load ZIP files that contain your data::
```

> You can also load ZIP files that contains ESRI shapefiles::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also load ZIP files that contain your files::
```

Author: Got it!

Author: I made a commit to fix this and I squashed it to the previous commit.

    zipfile = "zip:///Users/name/Downloads/cb_2017_us_state_500k.zip"
    states = geopandas.read_file(zipfile)

> If the dataset is in a folder in the ZIP file, you have to extend the identifier::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dataset is in a folder in the ZIP file, you have to append its name::
```
